In the last lecture we found out that angler tracks the state of each control of the form whether it's
valid and so on and conditionally also Anstey's see us as classes.
Now with that information we can go back to our form and you take advantage of it before diving into
the classes.
The easiest way of taking advantage is down here on the submit button.
Let's disable the button of the form is not valid.
So just split us over multiple lines and add some property binding I want to bind to the disabled property
which will at the or which will set the disabled state of this button to True or false depending on
some condition.
And I will specify the condition here.
Now I could say true here to always disable it.
That of course is not super useful and said Here I want to check whether the form.
Remember we do have access to it on this f local reference here.
So if this form is valid would you be precise.
If it is not valid so if this form is not valid the button should be disabled and we can actually see
this wants to reload that.
Now the button is disabled and only if I enter some valid values here I can hit the submit button again.
So this is the first improvement in place.
The second improvement is to take advantage of these C-s as classes.
We do get these classes added automatically so we can now go to dishtowels sheet of this app component
and we could say that on N-G invalid We want to give it a red border.
So one pixel solid red.
Sounds like a solid idea doesn't it.
Well if we do this you see everything is red.
Now the two controls but also the overall form.
The reason for this is that our overall form is also invalid.
And that angle also adds the energy invalid class C S S class to the form element.
So a better approach would be to make sure that is not added to the form.
Now there are a couple ways of doing this and it's all just pure C-s as logic one idea would be that
we want to be inside of the form element but then it would still place these red borders around grouping
divs.
We will have a look at what I mean with this later.
So the best way is to simply be explicit that we want to add it on inputs for example.
And of course you could also add select your input with ngi invalid or select with an invalid and which
other elements you have.
Just be creative.
There are different ways of achieving this goal and Janacek's want to make sure that the border is applied
to the right controls.
Now with this in place we see that now we only have a red border around the invalid controls but we
do have the border right from the start which is also not great because I at least want to give the
user the chance of changing it before showing a warning showing that it's wrong.
So a better approach might be to make sure that we only at a red border to input which has to see us
as class and the invalid.
And also D.C.'s S-Class and detached so that the user has to click into it now by default.
We don't see anything red.
Even though the form isn't valid.
But if it click in there and decide yeah I'm done this is my value.
Well now you see we have a read order because now we had a chance of changing it.
We didn't change it.
It is invalid.
And we want to show this.
And with that we're taking advantage of this form State handled by angler.
We disable the button and we show a visual feedback to the user.
Now you could of course go much further.
You could also add a warning message below is input here for example and output Please enter a valid
value or be more precise than that of course.
And at NGF to conditionally showed this if the input value is wrong.
Well this gives us one additional problem though how do we determine whether this input here or does
control here does hold a wrong value.
We'll take a closer look in the next lecture.